今天的首要任务是修改最近昨天和今天张总发的邮件的问题。

1.I don’t see a country field (not county) in the field selection option under the new report module :( 
  We have a mailing going out to all of our international members, but I don’t get the name of their country in the excel sheet, please help asap… 
  thanks
  修改方法：在Mailing Report里面加入country列，对应的SQL为：
  INSERT INTO `report_output_map` (`id`,`reportId`,`lookupGroupId`,`status`) VALUES (NULL,'2','106','1')。

2.ACH支付的时候，需要修改一下Ecom_Payment_Check_AccounT_Type，原来设置的都是Saving，以为没有用，现在要设置为按前台的选择来走。
  修改范围：CCPProcessorACH
3.Let’s remove the feature to change name and address to uppercase in our reporting. I heard more complaints than compliments.
  修改范围：ReprotPreparer.
4.Can we add the Salutation field to our search.xml? 

schedule:

注意妈的生日（明天）。

晚上帮文叔查价格。

1, Could you please take a look at this against your local ms database? Let me know how it goes and why the other event doesn’t have the ticket price information listed.
   （这个问题在测试的时候，需要连接到本地的ms数据库才能进行测试）
2, I’m not seeing Additional Contact as an available result column anywhere either
 
4, Add Event and Activity search tab to Mailing, Primary Contact and Stats Search

5, Is there a summary view of our saved reports where I can quickly view who created the report and when without clicking on each individual report (like there was previously)?  

6, Would it be possible to add the PDF option back into the reports tab.

8, Since the Deceased, No Email and No Solicitation qualifiers are in the first Group now instead of as Query Filters, does that mean that any groups that get added are not going to exclude Deceased, No Email and No Solicitation accounts? In other words, if someone doing a search adds a group, are they going to have to add those filters to each group they add?

9, For some reason, if you click the calendar and select a date for Donation Date on the search criteria page, the date pops up under Expected Date instead. This happened to me and Tim Waggoner. I think we were both running Donor Reports.

10,看JIRA上的BUG.